#summary Product Backlog along with major design decisions
#labels Phase-Design,Phase-Implementation

This project is divided into 3 smaller projects:
  # The Addon - This will be a WoW Lua Addon (Bulrogg)
  # A Client - This will access the folder of the addon and sync. the addon database with a web-based-database.
  # A phpBB3 MOD - This will show the data from the database, and allow users to sign off.

= Libs and dependencies =

This addon may rely on the following libraries:
  * Ace-3 lib [http://www.wowace.com/addons/ace3/pages/]
  * lib-ScrollingTable (lib-st) [http://www.wowace.com/addons/lib-st/]

= Details =

Design details

== Settings ==

  * Raid days (mon - sun) - which days do we raid (when should ppl be available)
  * Raid time (19:45) - exact time
  * Raider Guild Rank (0-?) - Which players should be accountable?
  * Tryout Guild Rank (0-?) - Which players should be tracked as well?

== Main Layout ==
{{{
+---------------------[ RaidAttendance ]--------------------------+
|                                                   [ Check Now ] |
| +- Name ----------------+- 21/10 -+- 22/10 -+-----------------+ |
| | Rapal                 |    G    |    Y    |                 | |
| | Scathsolas            |    R    |    G    |                 | |
| | Zee                   |    Y    |    Y    |                 | |
| +-----------------------+---------+---------+-----------------+ |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
}}}

= Development Plan =

This is the "product back log" for those who know about the Scrum way.

== Product Back Log ==

=== Addon ===
The user/player should
  * ... get a table of all raiders as rows, and attended raids as columns
  * ... update the table manually to reflect the current raid-attendance of "now" (create a new column)
  * ... change state of raiders who are not online to "signed off".
  * ... see a column of "raid-attendance" as a percentage of recorded raid-nights.
  * ... cancel a raid-night (delete a column, or just mark it?)
  * ... be able to configure raid-days and raiding-time in addon-settings
  * the addon must be able to do the "scan" automatically at the raid-time

=== Client ===
  * TBD

=== phpBB3 ===
  * admin page - where it's possible to configure raid-nights
  * profile page - indicate which nights are possible raid nights for the user
  * signoff page - possible to sign of for upcoming raid-nights
  * signoff page - possible to sign of for a specific period (vacation)
  * statistics page - nights and numbers of raiders.
  * web-service - allows the client to access the current state of signoffs
  * web-service - allows the client to upload actual attendance
  * statistics page - shows actual attendance (history)

= References =

  * [http://www.wowace.com/addons/ace3/pages/]
  * [http://www.wowace.com/addons/lib-st/]