#summary Frequently Asked Questions about the phpBB3 MOD
#sidebar ToC

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />
= Sign On/Off =
== How do I sign off from a raid? ==
Simply click the signoff icon (X) of the future raid you wish to signoff from.

== How come I can't sign off? ==
_When I login as 'Cool Forum User' I cannot sign off as 'Cool Raider', how come?_

Because the MOD doesn't know you well enough to map 'Cool Forum User' to 'Cool Raider'.

An admin of the forum may be able to help you out there - otherwise change your forum-username to your raider-name.

== How come I can't signoff from a raid in the past? ==
Because it's in the past... You should've signed off before hand... SLACKER!

= Availabiliy and Attendance =
== How the freaking f{{{**}}}king god do you come up with those numbers?? ==
Well, the numbers are taken from 3 months back and up till the date currently displayed.
Static sign-offs (e.g. all Mondays for some) is merged into the calculation, starting from the first non-static-status (i.e. first time raider either attended a raid, was AWOL etc.).

The *Availability* percentage displayed in the tooltip is how often the raider have been available and on time.

The *Attendance* is how big a fraction of the times the raider have been available, the raider has actually raided - i.e. how often have this raider been asked to sit out compared to how often he shows.

== What if I have been off the raider-list for a while and re-join the team? ==
Then your attendancy will be rather low I'm afraid.
Bug in the design - nothing that can be done about it for the time being.