#summary Frequently Asked Questions for Admins
#sidebar ToC

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

= Installation =
See the {{{install.xml}}} and {{{install/index.php}}} files in the root folder for details.

  # Use AutoMOD to install the MOD into the ACP.
  # Go to the {{{phpBB3/install}}} and follow the instructions.

= Configuration =
== Where do I find the raidattendance MOD on the ACP?==
`ACP > FORUMS > CONFIGURATION`

_I've logged in as administrator in the ACP, but can't find the freaking Raid attendance, where is it?_

It is located under the FORUMS tab (per default the second tab):

== How do I add raiders to the raider-list?==
`ACP > FORUMS > RAIDERS`

As an administrator you can add raiders from the armory using the _Resync with armory_ button on the _Raiders_ pane, or manually add raiders using the very last row on the list and the _Save_ button.

== How do I add or delete raids? ==
`ACP > FORUMS > CONFIGURAION`

As an admin you can remove already configured raid-setups simply by editing their name to an empty name and saving the changes.

There will always be an "empty raid" as the last in the raid-setup, fill this out to add a new raid to the configuration.

=Usage=
== How do I actually mark people as being AWOL, late, on time or as being signed off?==
As an admin you will have a different interface on the raid-availability forum than "normal" users.

Esp. you will notice an {{{[ Admin ]}}} link in the lower right-hand corner, when clicking this link, the table will change and allow you to change status of all raiders on all nights.

*Note:* It's not possible to sign ppl on or mark them as late or AWOL for future raids.