#summary Page for the phpBB3 mod to go along with the Lua Addon

= Introduction =

This page will keep the design decisions and howto's related to the development of the phpBB3 mod.

= Design =
This design is (for now) centered around the user-experience we are aiming at - i.e. there will be no mentioning about how to configure/install/setup the MOD.

The MOD will add a *table* to the top of a specific *forum*.
This table will show raiders and whether or not they intend to attend upcoming raids.

*Example*
_Note: In the actual design, the cells will be colored instead of the below mentioned icons._
|| Name  ||Mon<br/>{{{<}}} 2/11||  Wed<br/>4/11  ||  Thu<br/>5/11  ||  Mon<br/>9/11  ||  Wed<br/>11/11  ||  Thu<br/>12/11  ||  Mon<br/>16/11  ||  Wed<br/>18/11  {{{>}}}||
|| Rapal        || <font color="green">*✔*</font> || <font color="yellow">*✚*</font> || <font color="red">*✘*</font> ||       ||       ||       ||       ||       ||
|| Potlach      || <font color="green">*✔*</font> || <font color="green">*✔*</font>  ||  <font color="green">*✔*</font>     ||       ||       ||       ||       ||       ||
|| Heltvilddyr  || <font color="green">*✔*</font> || <font color="red">*✘*</font>||  <font color="green">*✔*</font>     ||       ||       ||       ||       ||       ||
|| Skjold       || <font color="green">*✔*</font> || <font color="green">*✔*</font> || <font color="yellow">*✚*</font>   ||  || <font color="yellow">*✚*</font>||       ||       ||       ||
|| Ilumina      || <font color="green">*✔*</font> || <font color="green">*✔*</font>      ||  <font color="green">*✔*</font>     ||       ||       ||       ||       ||       ||

Where:
||<font color="yellow">*✚*</font>||Means signoff (can't show)||
||<font color="green">*✔*</font>||Means signon (or did show)||
||<font color="red">*✘*</font>||Means no signoff but didn't show||

= Architecture =
The mod will be divided into 3 parts as described below.

*ACP* (Admin Control Panel) will be the part used to configure and install the mod - it will only be available to the phpBB3 administrators.

*MCP* (Moderator Control Panel) will be available to moderators of the forum in which the raidattendance resides - here the moderators can change the raid-setup and in time sync with wowarmory.

*MOD* will be a page integrated into one of the forums (e.g. "Raid Attendancy") which will always be shown as a table on top/bottom of the forum - displaying the current raider signon/signoff/noshow status.

  * ACP - Admin Control Panel
    * Settings for the raidattendance mod
    * Install wizard for database
    * Sync. feature with wowarmory (code reuse of MCP below)
  * MCP - Moderator Control Panel
    * Links raiders with forum-usernames.
    * Sync. raiders with armory
  * MOD - Page under a specific forum
    * Current raider-status
    * Signon/Signoff
    * Change history (who did what)

= Completed Functionality =

= Backlog =
  * acp_raidattendance - it's possible to install the mod in phpBB3 (ACP)
  * acp_raidattendance - it's possible to edit and save settings:
    * raid-nights : The days we raid - e.g. 'mon,wed,thu'
    * guildname : The name of the guild - 'The Awakening'
    * realm : The Realm - 'Bloodhoof'
    * armory : The armory link - 'eu.wowarmory.com'
    * forum_id : The id of the forum on which the attendence will be shown.
  * acp_raidattendance - install-wizard - it's possible to create table of raiders
    * possibly from armory?
  * forum_raidattendance/view_forum - a page that shows:
    * raiders in rows, 3 weeks of raid-nights with current week in center
  * forum_raidattendance - pagination - possible to step forward/back on weeks
  * raidattendance_history - change-history of signon status
  * mcp_raidattendance - sync. raiders with armory
  * mcp_raidattendance - link raider-name with forum-user
  * forum_raidattendance - moderators can change sign-on status of raiders (signon/signoff/noshow)
    * change-history will be updated
  * forum_raidattendance - users with valid raider-forum-user mapping can change status of self (only signon/signoff).
    * change-history will be updated

= Stories =
Breakdown of the functionality on the back-log in stories.

= References =
  * HTML entities used above : [http://www.danshort.com/HTMLentities/index.php?w=dingb]
  * phpBB wiki [http://wiki.phpbb.com/]