#summary Backlog of tasks for the phpBB3 MOD
#labels Featured,Phase-QA
#sidebar ToC

<wiki:toc maxdepth="2"/>

= Backlog =
Maintained under Issues and a thread on The Awakening phpBB forum.

= Completed =

== v1.1.7 - 3rd of May 2010 - Download as CSV + Attendancy bars ==
  * Admins can download the last 3 months as either HTML or CSV.
  * Raiders have a bar-histogram showing the complete attendance for the last 3 months.

== v1.1.6 - 23rd of April 2010 - Cancellation of raids ==
  * It's now possible to cancel a whole raid - it will be indicated by a skull-icon.
  * Simple export of a single raid-night (pre-Addon implementation).

== v1.1.5 - 20th of April 2010 - Substitute status + experimental WoW Addon ==
  * Sorting now possible on Class as well + changed sorting of Role to have Class as sub-sorting.
  * Added a new status for raiders called SUBSTITUTE for raiders sitting out on a raid (but being on-time etc.).
  * Added experimental support for integeration with the RaidAttendancy WoW Addon.

== v1.1.4 - 6th of April 2010 - Sorting + coloring ==
  * Sorting now possible on Name, Role, Rank.
  * Coloring made more simple (since we have so many colors in play).

== v1.1.3 - 3rd of April 2010 - Raider status LATE ==
  * Possible to mark raiders as being LATE - not just AWOL / ON.

== v1.1.2 - 2nd of April 2010 - Raider roles added ==
  * Possible to assign roles to raiders.

== v1.1.1 - 31st of March 2010 - Raid time setting ==
  * Possible to set a raid-time, at which admins can start marking raiders as AWOL etc.
  * Fixed a bug in the sorting of raids (i.e. some weeks were not shown chronologically).

== v1.1.0c - 25th of March 2010 - Multiple raids ==
  * Defects/Issues:
    * #5 style should be limited to prosilver	 
    * #8 Link to the FAQ on the Raid Availability page
    * #9 Version of the MOD should be shown   Usability
    * #11 Multiple raid-setups
  * raidattendance - include a FAQ - possibly link to a wiki - or use the forum options.

== v1.0.3 - 16th of December 2009 - Save/Delete raider bugfix ==
  * bugfix#3 - Save and deletion of raiders from ACP
  * improvement - initial draft version of World of Logs integration

== v1.0.2 - 7th of December 2009 - MODX compliance ==
  * bugfix#2 - tooltips on actions
  * bugfix#1 - MODX compliance
  * improvement - better icons and colors

== v1.0.1 - 6th of December 2009 - Icons + bugfix ==
  * bugfix - users can now only signoff for them selves permanently.
  * improvement - better icons (Yorrick rulez).
    * beutification - better icons for changing attendancy-status - part 2

== v1.0.0 - 6th of December 2009 - Multiple ranks and permanent signoff ==
  * general - better support for multiple ranks 0-9 + naming of these.
  * forum_raidattendance - allow users to permanently signoff for specific days.

== v0.0.4 - 28th of November 2009 - Icons and better sign[on|off] actions ==
  * beutification - better icons for changing attendancy-status - part 1
  * forum_raidattendance - Uses icons and only relevant actions
  * forum_raidattendance - If no user_id is mapped to a raider, but the username matches the raider-name, the user can edit the raider signon status.

== v0.0.3 - 24th of November 2009 - Signon/signoff + pagination ==
  * forum_raidattendance - pagination - possible to step forward/back on weeks
  * forum_raidattendance - moderators can change sign-on status of raiders (signon/signoff/noshow)
    * change-history is updated (updated, but not viewable yet)
  * forum_raidattendance - users with valid raider-forum-user mapping can change status of self (only signon/signoff).
    * change-history is updated 

== v0.0.2 - 20th of November 2009 - Integration of raid-attendance in viewforum ==
  * acp_raidattendance - it's possible to install the mod in phpBB3 (ACP)
  * acp_raidattendance - install-wizard - it's possible to create table of raiders
    * possibly from armory? 
  * forum_raidattendance/view_forum - a page that shows:
    * raiders in rows, 3 weeks of raid-nights with current week in center 
  * acp_raidattendance - link raider-name with forum-user

== v0.0.1 - 18th of November 2009 - Initial release comitted in svn/trunk ==
  * acp_raidattendance - it's possible to edit and save settings:
    * raid-nights : The days we raid - e.g. 'mon,wed,thu'
    * guildname : The name of the guild - 'The Awakening'
    * realm : The Realm - 'Bloodhoof'
    * armory : The armory link - 'eu.wowarmory.com'
    * forum_id : The id of the forum on which the attendence will be shown. 